readme.md, before:

# My take on Advent of Code 2015

## Introduction

In August of 2022 I started participating in the Bootcamp Full Stack Developer at Novi Hogeschool, in order to learn 
something new and become a software developer. About two months into the course, we got invitied to participate in the 
upcoming Advent of Code.
To prepare myself AND to practice, I decided to start working on the very first Advent of Code, being the 2015 edtion.
I'm in no hurry to finish it, instead I want to learn  how to solve the problems we're presented with.

The Advent of Code can be found at https://adventofcode.com/2015

## How I'm approaching the puzzles

Each day in the Advent of Code two puzzles are presented. The second one becomes available as soon as the first part is 
solved.
I have decided to go for JavaScript, as this is the language we're working on in this part of the course, so it's best 
known to me.

I create a .js file for each day and part and a separate file for the input.


UPDATE 20 November 2023
It has been little over a year since I started on the Advent of Code, but due to being very busy at work, moving into 
my new house and a lot of other circumstances, I didn't have time to continue.
With the 2023 event coming up, I thought it was time to try and get back on track, so I will start working on day 3 now.


## Disclaimer:
I'm fairly new at developing software, despite having worked in IT for many years now. My solution is probably way too 
large to be anywhere near efficient, but if it's on this repository, it got the job done.
I've been struggling with code that worked just fine, but didn't provide the right solution, mostly because I didn't 
read the instruction well enough. In some cases I used the information found on 
https://medium.com/@ghaiklor/advent-of-code-2015-explanation-aa9932db6d6f to point me in the right direction. 
I wish to say a huge thank you to Eugene Obrezkov for his effort, even though he's probably not even aware he helped 
me out.

Commit message:

Worked on part 2 of day 3 of the 2015 Advent of Code:
That's the right answer! You are one gold star closer to powering the weather machine.

You have completed Day 3! You can [Shareon Twitter Mastodon] this victory or

readme.md, after:

# My take on Advent of Code 2015

## Introduction

In August of 2022 I started participating in the Bootcamp Full Stack Developer at Novi Hogeschool, in order to learn 
something new and become a software developer. About two months into the course, we got invitied to participate in the 
upcoming Advent of Code.
To prepare myself AND to practice, I decided to start working on the very first Advent of Code, being the 2015 edtion.
I'm in no hurry to finish it, instead I want to learn  how to solve the problems we're presented with.

The Advent of Code can be found at https://adventofcode.com/2015

## How I'm approaching the puzzles

Each day in the Advent of Code two puzzles are presented. The second one becomes available as soon as the first part is 
solved.
I have decided to go for JavaScript, as this is the language we're working on in this part of the course, so it's best 
known to me.

I create a .js file for each day and part and a separate file for the input.


## UPDATE 20 November 2023
It has been little over a year since I started on the Advent of Code, but due to being very busy at work, moving into 
my new house and a lot of other circumstances, I didn't have time to continue.
With the 2023 event coming up, I thought it was time to try and get back on track, so I will start working on day 3 now.


## AoC 2015 Day 3, Part 2

The way I interpret the assignment, both Santa and Robot Santa follow their own path, with instructions being shared.



## Disclaimer:
I'm fairly new at developing software, despite having worked in IT for many years now. My solution is probably way too 
large to be anywhere near efficient, but if it's on this repository, it got the job done.
I've been struggling with code that worked just fine, but didn't provide the right solution, mostly because I didn't 
read the instruction well enough. In some cases I used the information found on 
https://medium.com/@ghaiklor/advent-of-code-2015-explanation-aa9932db6d6f to point me in the right direction. 
I wish to say a huge thank you to Eugene Obrezkov for his effort, even though he's probably not even aware he helped 
me out.
